Add some docs and adjust forecast methods (#72)
LAMPSPUC/ScoreDrivenModels.jl: docs/src/manual.md

Model
```

## Optimization Algorithms

> ScoreDrivenModels.jl allows users to tests different optimization methods, in particular

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ScoreDrivenModels.jl allows users to use different optimization methods, in particular
```

it has a common interface to easily incorporate algorithms available on [Optim.jl](https://github.com/JuliaNLSolvers/Optim.jl)

All optimization methods can receive the following keyword arguments
    * `f_tol` - Relative tolerance in changes of the objective value. Default is `1e-6`.
    * `g_tol` - Absolute tolerance in the gradient, in infinity norm. Default is `1e-6`.

>     * `iterations` - How many iterations will run before the algorithm gives up? Default is `10^5`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * `iterations` - Maximum number of iterations. Default is `10^5`.
```

ScoreDrivenModels.jacobian_link
```

## Forecasting

> ScoreDrivenModels.jl allows users to generate, a point forecast, confidence interval 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ScoreDrivenModels.jl allows users to generate point forecasts, confidence intervals 
```

> forecasts or an ensemble of scenarios. Point forecasts are obtained using the function `forecast` 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
forecasts or ensembles of scenarios. Point forecasts are obtained using the function `forecast` 
```

> and the ensemble of scenarios are obtained using the function `simulate`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and ensembles of scenarios are obtained using the function `simulate`.
```
